Create SECURITY.md (#13)
invernyx/smartcars-3-public-api: SECURITY.md

# Security Policy

## Supported Versions

All versions with a check mark are currently supported.

| Version | Supported          |
| ------- | ------------------ |
| 0.2.3   | :white_check_mark: |
| 0.2.2   | :x:                |
| 0.2.1   | :x:                |
| 0.2.0   | :x:                |
| < 2.0   | :x:                |

## Reporting a Vulnerability

> All Security vulnurabilities should be sent to the TFDi support team. his can be found at https://support.tfdidesign.com or by clicking issues, new issue and then selecting TFDi support.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All security vulnerabilities should be reported via the GitHub Security vulnerabilities tab. You can find this tab by going to the [Issues tab](https://github.com/invernyx/smartcars-3-public-api/issues/new/choose) and clicking "Report a security vulnerability" or by going directly to [Opening a draft security advisory](https://github.com/invernyx/smartcars-3-public-api/security/advisories/new)
```
